implement count windows (#736)
quixio/quix-streams: docs/windowing.md

```

## Count-based Tumbling Windows

Count-based Tumbling Windows slice incoming events into batch of a fixed size.

For example, a tumbling window configured with a count of 4 will batch and aggregate message 1 to 4, then 5 to 8, 9 to 12 and so on. 

```
Count       Tumbing Windows
[0, 3]  : ....
[4, 7]  :     ....
[8, 11] :         ....
[12, 15] :            ....
```

In a tumbing window each message is only assigned to a **single** interval.

**Example**

> Imagine you have to interact with an external HTTP API. To optimise your data analysis pipeline you want to batch data before sending in to the external API. In this example we batch data from 3 messages before sending the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine you have to interact with an external HTTP API. To optimize your data analysis pipeline, you want to batch data before sending it to the external API. In this example, we batch data from 3 messages before sending the request.
```
